fmly_lst = ["Aamir", "Foziya", "Natalia", "Daniyal", "Daniyal"]  

# Total items in the list 
print(f"Tot no. items : {len(fmly_lst)}\n") 

# Remove item in the list 
fmly_lst.remove("Natalia") 
print(fmly_lst,"\n") 

# Count how many Daniyal in list 
print(f"How many times Daniyal is in this list : {fmly_lst. count("Daniyal")}\n") 

# Remove item in the list 
fmly_lst.remove("Daniyal") 
print(fmly_lst,"\n") fmly_lst = ["Aamir", "Foziya", "Natalia", "Daniyal", "Daniyal"]  

# Total items in the list 
print(f"Tot no. items : {len(fmly_lst)}\n") 

# Remove item in the list 
fmly_lst.remove("Natalia") 
print(fmly_lst,"\n") 

# Count how many Daniyal in list 
print(f"How many times Daniyal is in this list : {fmly_lst. count("Daniyal")}\n") 

# Remove item in the list 
fmly_lst.remove("Daniyal") 
print(fmly_lst,"\n") fmly_lst = ["Aamir", "Foziya", "Natalia", "Daniyal", "Daniyal"]  

# Total items in the list 
print(f"Tot no. items : {len(fmly_lst)}\n") 

# Remove item in the list 
fmly_lst.remove("Natalia") 
print(fmly_lst,"\n") 

# Count how many Daniyal in list 
print(f"How many times Daniyal is in this list : {fmly_lst. count("Daniyal")}\n") 

# Remove item in the list 
fmly_lst.remove("Daniyal") 
print(fmly_lst,"\n") fmly_lst = ["Aamir", "Foziya", "Natalia", "Daniyal", "Daniyal"]  

# Total items in the list 
print(f"Tot no. items : {len(fmly_lst)}\n") 

# Remove item in the list 
fmly_lst.remove("Natalia") 
print(fmly_lst,"\n") 

# Count how many Daniyal in list 
print(f"How many times Daniyal is in this list : {fmly_lst. count("Daniyal")}\n") 

# Remove item in the list 
fmly_lst.remove("Daniyal") 
print(fmly_lst,"\n") fmly_lst = ["Aamir", "Foziya", "Natalia", "Daniyal", "Daniyal"]  

# Total items in the list 
print(f"Tot no. items : {len(fmly_lst)}\n") 

# Remove item in the list 
fmly_lst.remove("Natalia") 
print(fmly_lst,"\n") 

# Count how many Daniyal in list 
print(f"How many times Daniyal is in this list : {fmly_lst. count("Daniyal")}\n") 

# Remove item in the list 
fmly_lst.remove("Daniyal") 
print(fmly_lst,"\n") 
